William/setup mods (#62)
input-output-hk/formal-ledger-specifications: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Style guidelines

We are currently aspiring to follow the [Agda standard library style guide](https://github.com/agda/agda-stdlib/blob/master/notes/style-guide.md) as much as reasonable. Since some of our code will be rendered into a PDF, the formatting of the PDF takes priority over formatting of the code, so deviations are to be expected.

## Setup with emacs

> We rely on standard Agda version 2.6.3 and a patched version of the Agda Standard Library; this makes setup more difficult. You can install the correct version of Agda and the stdlib using `nix-env -iA agda -f .`, but this is a global install which you may not want if you also have other Agda projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Agda version 2.6.3 and a patched version of the Agda Standard Library; this makes setup more difficult. You can install the correct version of Agda and the stdlib using `nix-env -iA agda -f .`, but this is a global install which you may not want if you also have other Agda projects.
```
I don't think we need to highlight that we use a regular version of Agda
